Date and Time:
10/03/2024
16:36:27

action_base_hidden_size: 128
action_base_output_size: 64
action_proj_dim: 1
action_random_sample: True
action_seg_loc: ./data/action_segs
action_set_size: 50
algo: ppo
alpha: 0.99
analysis_angle: None
analysis_emb: None
anti_alias_blur: 0.0
backup: None
both_train_test: False
bound_effect: False
cat_kl_loss: None
clip_param: 0.1
combined_add: False
combined_dist: False
complexity_scale: 10.0
concat_oz: False
conditioned_aux: False
conditioned_non_linear: False
constrain_physics: False
constrained_effects: True
cont_entropy_coef: 0.1
contacts_off: True
cosine_distance: False
create_len_filter: None
create_max_num_steps: 30
create_permanent_goal: True
create_play_colored: False
create_play_fixed_tool: False
create_play_len: 7
create_play_run_steps: 3
create_sec_goal_reward: 2.0
create_target_reward: 1.0
cuda: False
cuda_deterministic: False
debug_render: False
decay_clipping: False
deeper_encoder: False
deterministic_policy: False
deterministic_split: False
discrete_beta: False
discrete_fixed_variance: False
dist_hidden_dim: 64
dist_linear_action: True
dist_non_linear_final: True
distance_based: False
distance_effect: False
distance_sample: False
do_gumbel_softmax: False
double_place_pen: 0.0
effect_only_decoder: False
emb_batch_size: 128
emb_epochs: None
emb_learning_rate: 0.001
emb_log_interval: 10
emb_margin: 1.1
emb_method: htvae
emb_mlp_decoder: False
emb_model_folder: ./data/embedder/trained_models/
emb_non_linear_lstm: True
emb_save_interval: 10
emb_schedule_lr: False
emb_use_batch_norm: True
emb_use_radam: True
emb_viz_interval: 5
encoder_dim: 64
entropy_coef: 0.005
env_name: CreateLevelPush-v0
eps: 1e-05
eval_interval: 50
eval_num_processes: None
eval_only: False
eval_split: False
eval_split_ratio: 0.5
evaluation_mode: False
exp_logprobs: False
exp_type: NewMain
fine_tune: False
fixed_action_set: False
fixed_variance: False
gae_lambda: 0.95
gamma: 0.99
gran_factor: 1.0
grid_fixed_rivers: False
grid_flatten: True
grid_playing: False
grid_safe_wall: True
grid_subgoal: True
gt_clusters: False
gt_embs: False
half_tool_ratio: 0.5
half_tools: True
hidden_dim_option: 128
hidden_dim_traj: 64
high_render_dim: 256
high_render_freq: 50
htvae_clip_gradients: True
image_mask: True
image_resolution: 64
input_channels: 1
kl_pen: None
large_steps: 40
latent_dim: 1
load_all_data: False
load_best_name: None
load_dataset: True
load_emb_logvar: True
load_emb_model_file: None
load_embeddings_file: create_g1_len7
load_file: 
load_fixed_action_set: False
load_only_actor: True
log_dir: /tmp/gym/
log_interval: 1
lr: 0.001
lr_env_steps: 100000000
marker_reward: reg
max_grad_norm: 0.5
max_grid_steps: 50
max_std_width: 3.0
mega_res_interval: 4
n_clusters: 10
n_distributions: 1
n_hidden_option: 3
n_hidden_traj: 3
n_stochastic: 1
n_trajectories: 1024
nearest_neighbor: False
no_cuda: False
no_diag: True
no_frame_stack: False
no_initial_state: False
no_overlap_env: False
no_test_eval: False
no_var: False
normalize_embs: False
not_upto: True
num_distributions: 400
num_env_steps: 60000000
num_eval: 20
num_mini_batch: 4
num_processes: 1
num_render: None
num_steps: 384
num_z: 1
o_dim: 128
obs_dir: ./data/obs
onehot_state: None
only_pos: False
only_vis_embs: False
option_penalty: 0.0
orig_crossing_env: False
pac_bayes: False
pac_bayes_delta: 0.1
play_data_folder: ./method/embedder/data
play_env_name: None
play_grid_size: 80
play_large_steps: 30
plot_samples: 300
ppo_epoch: 4
prefix: main
print_vars: False
random_policy: False
reco_change_omega: True
reco_deterministic: False
reco_include_mu: False
reco_max_steps: 100
reco_n_prods: 10000
reco_no_repeat: False
reco_normal_time_generator: True
reco_normalize_beta: True
reco_num_flips: 0
reco_prod_dim: 16
reco_random_product_view: True
reco_special_fixed_action_set_size: None
recurrent_policy: False
render_ball_traces: False
render_borders: False
render_changed_colors: False
render_gifs: False
render_high_res: False
render_info_grid: False
render_mega_res: False
render_mega_static_res: False
render_result_figures: False
render_text: False
reparam: True
result_dir: ./data/results
resume: False
resume_emb_training: False
reward_entropy_coef: 0.0
rl_use_radam: False
run_interval: 10
sample_clusters: False
sample_k: False
save_dataset: False
save_dir: ./data/trained_models/
save_emb_model_file: None
save_embeddings_file: None
save_interval: 50
seed: 31
separate_skip: False
shared_var: True
should_render_obs: False
skip_actions: 1
skip_tsne: False
softplus: True
split_type: gran_1
stack_dim: 1
stack_max_steps: 300
stack_mean_height: True
stack_min_steps: 2
stack_no_text_render: True
stack_render_high: True
stack_reward: 1.0
start_option: None
state_encoder_hidden_size: 64
strict_gt_clusters: False
success_failures: False
success_only: False
sync_host: 
sync_port: 22
test_action_set_size: 50
test_embeddings: False
test_split: False
threshold_overlap: True
train_embeddings: False
train_mix_ratio: None
train_split: True
training_action_set_size: 50
trajectory_len: None
up_to_option: None
usage_loss_coef: 1.0
usage_policy: False
use_action_trajectory: False
use_batch_norm: False
use_beta: True
use_dist_double: True
use_double: False
use_gae: True
use_gaussian_distance: True
use_linear_lr_decay: True
use_mean_entropy: False
use_option_embs: True
use_proper_time_limits: False
use_random_embeddings: False
value_loss_coef: 0.5
verbose_eval: True
verify_embs: False
vid_dir: ./data/vids
vid_fps: 5.0
wand: False
weight_decay: 0.0
z_dim: 128
z_mag_pen: None
